In 1963, teenaged Frank Abagnale lives in
New Rochelle, New York with his father Frank
Abagnale, Sr., and French mother Paula.
When Frank Sr. is denied a business loan at
Chase Manhattan Bank due to unknown difficulties
with the IRS, the family is forced to move
from their large home to a small apartment.
Paula carries on an affair with Jack, a friend
of her husband.
Meanwhile, Frank poses as a substitute teacher
in his French class.
Frank's parents file for divorce, and Frank
runs away.
When he runs out of money, he begins relying
on confidence scams to get by.
Soon, Frank's cons increase and he even impersonates
an airline pilot.
He forges Pan Am payroll checks and succeeds
in stealing over $2.8 million.
Meanwhile, Carl Hanratty, an FBI bank fraud
agent, begins tracking Frank.
Carl and Frank meet at a hotel, where Frank
convinces Carl his name is Barry Allen of
the Secret Service, and that he was also after
the fraud.
Frank leaves, Carl angrily realizing a minute
too late that he has been fooled.
Later, at Christmas, Carl is still at work
when Frank calls him, attempting to apologize
for duping Carl.
Carl rejects his apology and tells him he
will soon be caught, but laughs when he realizes
Frank actually called him because he has no
one else to talk to.
Frank hangs up, and Carl continues to investigate,
suddenly realizing (thanks to a waiter) that
the name "Barry Allen" is from the Flash comic
books and that Frank is actually a teenager.
Frank, meanwhile, has expanded his con to
include the identities of a doctor and lawyer.
While playing Dr. Frank Conners, he falls
in love with Brenda.
While asking her father's permission to marry
her, he admits the truth about himself and
asks for help with the Louisiana State Bar
exam.
Carl tracks him to his engagement party and
Frank is able to sneak out a bedroom window
minutes before Carl bursts in.
Before leaving, Frank makes Brenda promise
to meet him in Miami two days later so they
can elope.
Frank sees her waiting for him two days later,
but also notices plainclothes agents waiting
to arrest him; realizing he has been set up,
he escapes on a flight to Europe.
Seven months later, Carl shows his boss that
Frank has been forging checks all over western
Europe and asks permission to go to Europe
to look for him.
When his boss refuses, Carl brings Frank's
checks to printing professionals who claim
that the checks were printed in France.
From an interview with Frank's mother, Carl
remembers that she was actually born in Montrichard,
France.
He goes there and locates Frank, and tells
him that the French police will kill him if
he does not go with Carl quietly.
Frank assumes he is lying at first, but Carl
promises Frank he would never lie to him,
and Carl takes him outside, where the French
police escort him to prison.
The scene then flashes forward to a plane
returning Frank home from prison, where Carl
informs him that his father has died.
Grief-stricken, Frank escapes from the plane
and goes back to his old house, where he finds
his mother with the man she left his father
for, as well as a girl who Frank realizes
is his half-sister.
Frank gives himself up and is sentenced to
12 years in prison, getting visits from time
to time from Carl.
When Frank points out how one of the checks
Carl is carrying as evidence is fake, Carl
convinces the FBI to offer Frank a deal by
which he can live out the remainder of his
sentence working for the bank fraud department
of the FBI, which Frank accepts.
While working at the FBI, Frank misses the
thrill of the chase and even attempts to fly
as an airline pilot again.
He is cornered by Carl, who insists that Frank
will return to the FBI job since no one is
chasing him.
On the following Monday, Carl is nervous that
Frank has not yet arrived at work.
However, Frank eventually arrives and they
discuss their next case.
The ending credits reveal that Frank has been
happily married for 26 years, has three sons,
lives in the Midwest, is still good friends
with Carl, has caught some of the world's
most elusive money forgers, and earns millions
of dollars each year because of his work creating
unforgeable checks.